fix: treat none value as cache miss (#330)
openedx/edx-django-utils: CHANGELOG.rst

----------

Added
~~~~~
* Support added for Django 4.2

> * ``edx_django_utils.cache.disable_forced_cache_miss_for_none`` waffle switch has been added to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Fixed
~~~~

* Fixed bug where None was not properly being stored by TieredCache. For backward compatibility, ``edx_django_utils.cache.disable_forced_cache_miss_for_none`` waffle switch has been added, which defaults to the old broken behavior of treating None as a cache miss.
```

Author: Added.
